overlay/lib/firmware/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.md, before:

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.19.17
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=6cfdd527ac7c9f638241f49e64512888d662090f

## linux-firmware: update Marvell SD8897-B0 firmware image
WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: W15.68.19.17
Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: 15.26.19.17
The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
Bluetooth.

Signed-off-by: Ganapathi Bhat <gbhat@marvell.com>

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.7.p154
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=c38c231a07beb579d3f4a2916bbb5eb1c29984ff

## linux-firmware: update Marvell SD8897-B0 firmware image to add WPA2 vulnerability fix
WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: V15.68.7.p154
Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: V15.68.7.p154
The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
Bluetooth.

'V' flag indicate the firmware image includes the fix for WPA2
vulnerability issue.

Signed-off-by: Ganapathi Bhat <gbhat@marvell.com>

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.7.p18
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=6218df0a42449d8a6dbacd2e55d0199582772c08

## linux-firmware: update Marvell 8897-B0 firmware images to 7.p18
SD8897:
    WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
    Bluetooth.

PCIe/USB-8897:
    WLAN (PCIe) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    Bluetooth (USB) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    The combo image will be downloaded through WLAN only.

Signed-off-by: Amitkumar Karwar <akarwar@marvell.com>
Signed-off-by: Cathy Luo <cluo@marvell.com>
Signed-off-by: Frank Huang <frankh@marvell.com>

Commit message:

Add WiFi firmware taken from Steamlink running v806

overlay/lib/firmware/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.md, after:

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.19.17
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=6cfdd527ac7c9f638241f49e64512888d662090f

## linux-firmware: update Marvell SD8897-B0 firmware image
WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: W15.68.19.17
Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: 15.26.19.17
The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
Bluetooth.

Signed-off-by: Ganapathi Bhat <gbhat@marvell.com>

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.7.p206
Copied from Steamlink with firmware v806

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.7.p154
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=c38c231a07beb579d3f4a2916bbb5eb1c29984ff

## linux-firmware: update Marvell SD8897-B0 firmware image to add WPA2 vulnerability fix
WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: V15.68.7.p154
Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: V15.68.7.p154
The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
Bluetooth.

'V' flag indicate the firmware image includes the fix for WPA2
vulnerability issue.

Signed-off-by: Ganapathi Bhat <gbhat@marvell.com>

# sd8897_uapsta.bin 15.68.7.p18
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/firmware/linux-firmware.git/commit/mrvl/sd8897_uapsta.bin?id=6218df0a42449d8a6dbacd2e55d0199582772c08

## linux-firmware: update Marvell 8897-B0 firmware images to 7.p18
SD8897:
    WLAN (SDIO) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    Bluetooth (SDIO) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    The combo image can be downloaded through either WLAN or
    Bluetooth.

PCIe/USB-8897:
    WLAN (PCIe) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    Bluetooth (USB) firmware version: 15.68.7.p18
    The combo image will be downloaded through WLAN only.

Signed-off-by: Amitkumar Karwar <akarwar@marvell.com>
Signed-off-by: Cathy Luo <cluo@marvell.com>
Signed-off-by: Frank Huang <frankh@marvell.com>
